{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green43\blue76;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;
\red22\green52\blue207;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c11765\c22745\c37255;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;
\cssrgb\c11373\c30588\c84706;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Purpose of JobHunterApp.io\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 JobHunterApp.io is an AI-powered job search aggregation and scoring tool. It collects publicly available job listings from third-party sources, scores them against your profile using artificial intelligence, and provides interview preparation assistance. The service is designed to help job seekers discover and evaluate relevant opportunities more efficiently.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 2. Third-Party Data Sources\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 JobHunterApp.io aggregates job listings from external third-party sources including job boards, aggregators, and public APIs. We do not control, verify, or guarantee the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or availability of any job listing data provided by these sources. Specifically:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Job listings may be outdated, removed, or inaccurate at the time of viewing.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Salary estimates and company information are sourced from third parties and may not reflect actual offers.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 The availability of data sources may change without notice due to third-party API changes, rate limits, or access restrictions.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 We are not responsible for the content, hiring practices, or legitimacy of any employer or listing found through our service.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 3. AI Scoring & Recommendations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 Job compatibility scores, match reasons, gap analysis, CV tweak suggestions, and interview preparation guides are generated by artificial intelligence (Claude by Anthropic). These are provided as guidance only and should not be considered professional career advice. AI-generated content may contain inaccuracies or may not fully reflect your qualifications or the requirements of a role.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 4. Account & Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials and for enabling two-factor authentication (MFA) when prompted. Your CV summary, keywords, and personal data are stored securely and used solely for the purpose of providing job search and scoring services. We do not sell your personal data to third parties.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 5. Subscription Plans & Billing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 Access to certain features is determined by your subscription plan. Trial accounts are provided free of charge for a limited period. We reserve the right to modify plan features, pricing, and trial durations. Cancellation and refund policies will be communicated at the time of purchase.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 6. Acceptable Use\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 You agree not to misuse the service, including but not limited to: automated scraping of our platform, sharing account credentials, attempting to circumvent subscription limits, or using the service for any unlawful purpose.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 7. Service Availability\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 We strive to maintain high availability but do not guarantee uninterrupted service. Scheduled maintenance, third-party API outages, and unforeseen technical issues may temporarily affect service availability. We are not liable for any loss or inconvenience caused by service interruptions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 8. Limitation of Liability\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 JobHunterApp.io is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, express or implied. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from your use of the service, reliance on AI-generated content, or any third-party data provided through the platform.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 9. Changes to Terms\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 We may update these terms from time to time. Continued use of the service after changes are posted constitutes acceptance of the revised terms. We encourage you to review this page periodically.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \strokec2 10. Contact\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 If you have questions about these terms, please contact us via the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jobhunterapp.io/contact"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b \cf5 \strokec5 Contact page}}.\
}